minister
It's impossible to cure.
Meet the Queen Mother
Quick kiss
Baoer
Mother's treasure
Baoer betrayed
Future hero design
Do not fall into the hands of thieves
I let you run away from the emperor
Cause our mother and daughter to be separated for so many years
It has also made you suffer for so many years
Are you sorry for you?
Mother, I never blamed you
Chenzhou has already told me
You all these years
You've been looking for me
Besides, the emperor
Carrying the hero's mandarin
The previous one was really a metal owner.
Daughter understands Baoer
You are really a good boy
Dad is right
You follow your mother
Mother will take you to a place
This is where you lived as a child
The furnishings are the same as when you were a child
I wonder if you remember
I remember.
Still your child
Although his father was a jerk
But he has your blood on him
It's my own grandson
I and your emperor will see him as a bearded man
Well, and Chen Zhou is married to you
You've been missing for so many years
I've been looking for you all over the building
Never stopped
Not married yet
Would you consider